[Music]
[Music] 21 in you oh lord I put my trust let me
21 in you oh lord I put my trust let me
21 in you oh lord I put my trust let me never be put to shame deliver me in your
never be put to shame deliver me in your
never be put to shame deliver me in your righteousness and cause me to escape
righteousness and cause me to escape
righteousness and cause me to escape incline your ear to me and save me be my
incline your ear to me and save me be my
incline your ear to me and save me be my strong refuge to which I may resort
strong refuge to which I may resort
strong refuge to which I may resort continually you have given the
continually you have given the
continually you have given the commandment to save me where you are my
commandment to save me where you are my
commandment to save me where you are my rock and my fortress deliver me oh my
rock and my fortress deliver me oh my
rock and my fortress deliver me oh my god out of the hand of the wicked out of
god out of the hand of the wicked out of
god out of the hand of the wicked out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel
the hand of the unrighteous and cruel
the hand of the unrighteous and cruel men you are my hope Oh Lord God
men you are my hope Oh Lord God
men you are my hope Oh Lord God you are my trust from my youth by you I
you are my trust from my youth by you I
you are my trust from my youth by you I have been upheld from birth you are he
have been upheld from birth you are he
have been upheld from birth you are he who took me out of my mother's womb my
who took me out of my mother's womb my
who took me out of my mother's womb my praise shall be continually of you I
praise shall be continually of you I
praise shall be continually of you I have become as a wonder to many but you
have become as a wonder to many but you
have become as a wonder to many but you are my strong refuge let my mouth be
are my strong refuge let my mouth be
are my strong refuge let my mouth be filled with your praise and with your
filled with your praise and with your
filled with your praise and with your glory all the day do not cast me off in
glory all the day do not cast me off in
glory all the day do not cast me off in the time of old age do not forsake me
the time of old age do not forsake me
the time of old age do not forsake me when my strength fails for my enemies
when my strength fails for my enemies
when my strength fails for my enemies speak against me and those who lie in
speak against me and those who lie in
speak against me and those who lie in wait for my life take counsel together
wait for my life take counsel together
wait for my life take counsel together saying God has forsaken him pursue and
saying God has forsaken him pursue and
saying God has forsaken him pursue and take him for there is none to deliver
take him for there is none to deliver
take him for there is none to deliver him Oh God do not be far from me oh my
him Oh God do not be far from me oh my
him Oh God do not be far from me oh my god make haste to help me let them be
god make haste to help me let them be
god make haste to help me let them be confounded and consumed who are
confounded and consumed who are
confounded and consumed who are adversaries of my life let them be
adversaries of my life let them be
adversaries of my life let them be covered with reproach and dishonor who
covered with reproach and dishonor who
covered with reproach and dishonor who seek my hurt but I will hope continually
seek my hurt but I will hope continually
seek my hurt but I will hope continually and will praise you yet more and more my
and will praise you yet more and more my
and will praise you yet more and more my mouth shall tell of your righteousness
mouth shall tell of your righteousness
mouth shall tell of your righteousness and your salvation all the day or I do
and your salvation all the day or I do
and your salvation all the day or I do not know their limits I will go in the
not know their limits I will go in the
not know their limits I will go in the strength of the Lord God I will make
strength of the Lord God I will make
strength of the Lord God I will make mention of your righteousness of yours
mention of your righteousness of yours
mention of your righteousness of yours only Oh God
only Oh God
only Oh God you have taught me from my youth
you have taught me from my youth
you have taught me from my youth and to this day I declare your wondrous
and to this day I declare your wondrous
and to this day I declare your wondrous works now also when I am old and
works now also when I am old and
works now also when I am old and grey-headed Oh God
grey-headed Oh God
grey-headed Oh God do not forsake me until I declare your
do not forsake me until I declare your
do not forsake me until I declare your strength to this generation your power
strength to this generation your power
strength to this generation your power to everyone who is to come
to everyone who is to come
to everyone who is to come also your righteousness o God is very
also your righteousness o God is very
also your righteousness o God is very high you who have done great things
high you who have done great things
high you who have done great things o God who is like you you who have shown
o God who is like you you who have shown
o God who is like you you who have shown me great and severe troubles shall
me great and severe troubles shall
me great and severe troubles shall revive me again and bring me up again
revive me again and bring me up again
revive me again and bring me up again from the depths of the earth you shall
from the depths of the earth you shall
from the depths of the earth you shall increase my greatness and comfort me on
increase my greatness and comfort me on
increase my greatness and comfort me on every side also with the loot I will
every side also with the loot I will
every side also with the loot I will praise you and your faithfulness oh my
praise you and your faithfulness oh my
praise you and your faithfulness oh my god to you I will sing with the harp o
god to you I will sing with the harp o
god to you I will sing with the harp o Holy One of Israel my lips shall greatly
Holy One of Israel my lips shall greatly
Holy One of Israel my lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing to you and my soul
rejoice when I sing to you and my soul
rejoice when I sing to you and my soul which you have redeemed my tongue also
which you have redeemed my tongue also
which you have redeemed my tongue also shall talk of your righteousness all the
shall talk of your righteousness all the
shall talk of your righteousness all the day long where they are confounded where
day long where they are confounded where
day long where they are confounded where they are brought to shame who seek mire
they are brought to shame who seek mire
they are brought to shame who seek mire you